README.md, before:

# Things to Work On

- Debugging tailwindcss config file
- Laying out the template of colors and styles
- Figuring out how to showcase daily, weekly and yearly styles

# Time Tracking Dashboard Laura Dev

This solo project Time Tracking Dashboard

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

Challenge: A perfect opportunity to practice your CSS Grid skills. For anyone wanting to take it up a notch, we provide a JSON data file to practice working with data.

Your users should be able to:

- Switch between viewing Daily, Weekly, and Monthly stats
- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

## Screenshots

<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version Body Component:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version Footer Component:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Mobile Version Landing Page:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Mobile Version Side Navigation Bar:</p>



## Links

- Live Site URL: [Time Tracking Dashboard Website Laura Dev]()
- Frontend Mentor URL Solution: [Frontend Mentor Laura Dev Solution]()

## My Process


## Built with

- Typescript
- TailwindCSS
- ReactJS
- Google Fonts
- Github

## What I learned

I reinforced and learned a lot of new things during this project. Some of things that were more relevant:

1. **_Typescript Programming Language_** - This was first project using Typescript. I was able to learn more about Typescript by reviewing documentation and reading. I will continue to build on my Typescript knowledge.


## Continued development


## Useful resources

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typescript General Website
- Family: [Rubik](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik) - Weights: 300, 400, 500

## Author

- Website - [Laura V](www.lauradeveloper.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@lavollmer](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/lavollmer)
- Github - [@lavollmer](https://github.com/lavollmer)

Commit message:

updating the README for the tailwindcss debugging process

README.md, after:

# Things to Work On

- Debugging tailwindcss config file
- Laying out the template of colors and styles
- Figuring out how to showcase daily, weekly and yearly styles

# Time Tracking Dashboard Laura Dev

This solo project Time Tracking Dashboard

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

Challenge: A perfect opportunity to practice your CSS Grid skills. For anyone wanting to take it up a notch, we provide a JSON data file to practice working with data.

Your users should be able to:

- Switch between viewing Daily, Weekly, and Monthly stats
- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

## Screenshots

<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version Body Component:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Desktop Version Footer Component:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Mobile Version Landing Page:</p>



<p style="font-size:20px;">Mobile Version Side Navigation Bar:</p>



## Links

- Live Site URL: [Time Tracking Dashboard Website Laura Dev]()
- Frontend Mentor URL Solution: [Frontend Mentor Laura Dev Solution]()

## My Process


## Built with

- Typescript
- TailwindCSS
- ReactJS
- Google Fonts
- Github

## What I learned

I reinforced and learned a lot of new things during this project. Some of things that were more relevant:

1. **_TailwindCSS Setup_** - I found that I had issues in the beginning with my TailwindCSS setup. Through the debugging process, I was able to learn that the plugins field in the tailwindcss config file needed to be an empty array. I had it with {} instead of []. The plugins field needs to hold a list of plugins that extends Tailwind's functionality. 


## Continued development


## Useful resources

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typescript General Website
- Family: [Rubik](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik) - Weights: 300, 400, 500

## Author

- Website - [Laura V](www.lauradeveloper.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@lavollmer](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/lavollmer)
- Github - [@lavollmer](https://github.com/lavollmer)
